subsys: fs: nsim_mount: new FS for mounting host filesystem (#107662)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/native/native_sim/doc/index.rst

Similarly ``libfuse-dev:i386`` and ``libfuse-dev`` provide the 32 and 64-bit FUSE v2 library
and headers.

.. _native_mount_fs:

Host filesystem mount
*********************

> The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FILE_SYSTEM_NATIVE_MOUNT` option enables mounting a path from the host

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
Enabling :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FILE_SYSTEM_NATIVE_MOUNT` allows mounting a path from the host
```
